_Z4fun1iPiPS_.%newP notSingleTon
_Z4fun1iPiPS_.%newPP notSingleTon
_Z4fun1iPiPS_.%n.addr isSingleTon
_Z4fun1iPiPS_.%ptr.addr isSingleTon
_Z4fun1iPiPS_.%pptr.addr isSingleTon
_Z4fun2iPiPS_S_.%retval isSingleTon
_Z4fun2iPiPS_S_.%n.addr isSingleTon
_Z4fun2iPiPS_S_.%ptr.addr isSingleTon
_Z4fun2iPiPS_S_.%pptr.addr isSingleTon
_Z4fun2iPiPS_S_.%ptr1.addr isSingleTon
_Z4fun3iPiPS_.%n.addr isSingleTon
_Z4fun3iPiPS_.%ptr.addr isSingleTon
_Z4fun3iPiPS_.%pptr.addr isSingleTon
abort_on_oom.%retval isSingleTon
abort_on_oom.%retcode.addr isSingleTon
abort_socket_nonblocking.%csd.addr isSingleTon
abort_socket_nonblocking.%rv isSingleTon
abort_socket_nonblocking.%osd isSingleTon
abort_socket_nonblocking.%opt isSingleTon
abort_socket_nonblocking.%sr__ isSingleTon
abort_on_oom.%retval isSingleTon
abort_on_oom.%retcode.addr isSingleTon
abort_socket_nonblocking.%csd.addr isSingleTon
abort_socket_nonblocking.%rv isSingleTon
abort_socket_nonblocking.%osd isSingleTon
abort_socket_nonblocking.%opt isSingleTon
abort_socket_nonblocking.%sr__ isSingleTon
